I watch my great grandson 4 days a week and it's hard to keep a 16 month old occupied but all I have to do is turn on Five Little Monkeys and he goes crazy trying to get the monkey's off the bed and touching all the other interactive things on the screen. I love this! I absolutely recommend this!
Good for little ones, especially if  know the nursery rhyme.  Once you show them what to click on they pick it up fast.
Great selections.  Easy to use interface.  I have playlists for everyone in the family (me, hubby, and 10 year old son).  Works great on the PC and my MP3 players (no Apple products tested).  Also use with Sonos and that interface is also simple to use.Only complaint is that you can't customize your plan.  I want 2 MP3 players and I'd have to pay for 3.  It's an extra $70 a year.  I would only pay $2 a month for the second player, so I got a huge capacity MP3 and share.  Easy to do with playlists.
I really don't think I could live without Rhapsody. I have it on my phone, my computer and my Kindle Fire. I use it everyday, no matter what device it is on, it works great. It is a wonderful way to take your favorite music and playlists with you wherever you go, whatever you do. Be aware that you do have to have a subscription and I'm pretty sure the price can range from $10 and up per month.
I love this app!! Yes,after 14 days you have to pay $9.99 a month....but this app has helped keep my sanity. It is the first app that Amazon has put out for music that I have liked. I  have tried over 100 apps. from Amazon and they asked for my opinion....here it is.Rhaspody has an extremely large array of music.I had no problem finding all the different artists and albums that I love. You can even download music to play off- line . I can listen to my music all day and night long.Please get this app....you,ll love it!
If you pay for the subscription then by all meens get this App. It works well and  I love the service. I have a family of 4 and we all use it under one price.
I have been a Rhapsody susbscriber for many years.  The service has been reliable and a good value, but the latest smartphone and tablet apps take it to a new level.  The UI is much improved, intuative, and brings recommendations and new releases once available only on the desktop software.  Good work!
I love my rhapsody!! I was so glad that I could get it on my kindle for my daughter!! I have had Rhapsody since it was Napster...love that it is a device that we can use it on!
Rhapsody is great if you like "All you can Eat" music..  There are a lot of music programs and services out there now but I always come back to Rhapsody for a couple reasons.1.) I love their desktop app!!2.) I love being able to use the service with a REAL mp3 player, not just an android phone or ipod touch/iphone.  With the desktop app, the service works with Sandisk MP3 Players (Most are supported but check rhapsody before you purchase one)Now for this app.  The app on android and Kindle is great.  It gives you access, not just to their radio feature, but also to their "all you can eat" music service.  You can download the tracks to your phone for free (As long as you keep paying the monthly fee, these songs stay active".  Their "radio" feature is great if you like services like Pandora.  The Rhapsody radio doesn't have the ads like Pandora and other free radio services.  The radio feature is also very smart just like Pandora (Though I would say it is not as smart as Pandora).Overall this is a great app if you like music and like being able to choose what songs you want to listen to or if you wanna listen to an entire album!!  And the app doesn't bog the phone down with adds or video adds like Pandora!Try it for a month!! Most new phones and kindles will give you a free trial! If not you can use this link for one.. I was one over with the free trial I received when I downloaded this app to my Kindle[...]
It allows me to access Rhapsody on my Kindle which I would not be able to do without the app.
I love it, it works great as a mobile radio app. I've been able to use Rhapsody for a year and the product and app are defiantly recommended.
No matter what kind of music I want to listen to, its there! I even get a guided meditations anytime I want! Its unlimited!
Have been using it for years, millions of choices to choose from.  Easy program interface to use.  Audio quality is great.
Works great!  Sign in once and get most of your music at your fingertips!  Not all music is readily available, but most is right there!
I love Rhapsody especially the updated version. My whole family uses it. We have it on all our gadgets. recommended
This is  a great! It pops up and you can devotions from a number  of people! but nothing is better that The scriptures daily!
The best part of this app is that you can listen to free podcasts or sermons. I love hearing Joel Osteen so this is my fav feature.
Every morning I wake up to an inspirational bible verse. It helps me clear my mind before a long day. I can save the verses also if I want to refer back to them in troubling times. It even works without an internet connection somehow. I was on a cruise with no internet or mobile data and i STILL received my verses. Such a blessing!
It is so nice to have the Bible at your disposal. I love the reading plans and well as the fact that it can be read to you.
Clean, simple, easy to use. Daily verse, choice of Bible version, devotionals and pod casts. Would recommend to anyone! A real blessing!
unless you are connected you will not be able to read the Bible. I did like the daily verse of the day. There are also many different versions of the bible that you can choose to read from when you are connected to the internet.
I am able to share and send devotions to my friends of many different speakers. Also you can find many different types of devotions with different versions of the Bible. Love it.
This app is a really worth getting if you love the Bible as I do.  It has a lot of great features.
This is a great app for daily scriptures, the bible on the go, and inspiring podcasts.  There is also an audio button for those who cannot read.
love the daily Bible verses each morning. I don't always have time to read the Bible for my Bible study group so being able to listen to the Bible or have it at my fingertips and when I have a moment is great
This app has everything you need. Daily scripture, bibles, devotionals. I look forward to it every day. I like that I can set it to come on automatically every morning.
I really love everything about this app.  I use it all of the time.  It gives you total access to the Bible.  Works great on the Kindle Fire.  I'm spoiled.  I'd be lost without it!!!!!  I mean that.
This App is important to me because I can cross references it with my study Bible. It is a great App.
I really love this app!  It's a nice way to have a daily scripture to ponder over.  There is also the option for more in depth scripture study which I also love.  I truly look forward to checking this app daily and it has added another nice source to help grow in my faith daily.
My son loves this and uses it daily on his little Tablet.  He has learning Disabilities and cannot read well without the Tablet's help and he enjoys reading (or having the Bible read to him daily!
What a great blessing to have this to read each morning, each and everyday Gods Word right on my kindle, and different versions great work, t hank you thank you!!!
I love how it reminds me every morning to read my daily verse. I really love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This Bible is made for every type of Christian.
I love this app. My favorite part is getting the reminder for the daily Bible verse in the morning. I also like being able to hear the scriptures, so if I don't have time to sit and read, I can be listening to God's Word!
I love this app. I have no complaints, and I didnt have any complications with this app, very easy and simple to understand. I love reading the bible where ever I go.
GET THIS APP!  If you desire to gain more knowledge about the Bible and to be able to do it on a daily basis, I would highly recommend this app because it keeps you on track and you can both read and listen to it either at home or in your car.  This is an awesome app also because it has several great features that make it better than other similar apps.  Unfortunately, you can't get this app for the Apple system, but if you have a Kindle or Android you are set.  I highly recommend it!
It's a good app. You do not need an internet connection to use it or to get the verse of the day, which is cool, but it would be nice if you could highlight (like you can a kindle book) but other than that, a good app.
I listen to this app all the time especially the devotions where you can listen to many great podcasts. It is very easy to use and recommend it highly
I love it.  What else can I say.  Getting God's word every day, even from a tablet is the best.
I was looking for an app to help me with my annual &#34;read through the Bible in a year&#34; and this app is perfect.  I really like the way it offers several different plans (since I like to do it a different way each year).  Plus with this app there are daily messages (in your choice of lots of translations!), and practically all of it can be read aloud to you.  This is an excellent Bible app.
There are so many different options. You can read a verse or listen to a podcast or even just read the Bible. Looking up verses is a cinch. There is also an option for audio. Great app,  just genius!!!!!
I like the fact that it has audio as well and that I can read the daily plan in different versions.  I recommended this to my brother who has macular degeneration in both eyes and he thoroughly enjoys it as well.
This is one of the best Apps going for a daily bible guide that works well on the Kindle Fire. It is easy to start and has links that are just as easy to use for further depth if you want to pursue a topic. I really like it.
So uplifting to get a bible verse on a daily basis.  Love the access to look up information when needed for bible study and the ability to have it read to you is a great feature.
first thing I would like to do is to thank amazon for putting the Bible and Christian readings on the amazon fire.ienjoy the daily Bible because of the daily readings. everyone should have it installed on their kindle fire .thanks Tommy adams
Downloaded to use when I go to church or Bible study. Easy to find scriptures and several version selections also
I love this app. It was one of the first I downloaded on my tablet. The many versions and ease of use are super. The best feature I love are the audio devotions.
the best mobile Bible app that I could find.I love it. You can listen to a devotional.Please download it now.
I think it works fine and everyone is lying. Read the instructions before you play. Then it will be fun :)
Great app: simple, effective, and very useful.  It's also free.  (This last is because I needed to add more words.)
I absolutely love this app!!  I love cryptograms and have looked for one for the Kindle Fire.  This is the best and so challenging!  I like being to save a game if I get stuck and want to return to it later.  I can cheat but more fun if you don't.  So many categories to choose from.  Gotta give it a five!
this app is great. good for nights when you're out in a city doing a bar run, real easy to find your car at the end of the night
This is a great app! Nice customization, allows for different views, alarms (for use with metered parking), etc. As for permissions, its blatantly obvious that the iApple people don&apos;t know what they&apos;re for. Do yourself a favor, go back to your iphone.
Definitely not an app that I use every day.  I don't need to.  In those rare times that I do, it is a lifesaver.  It is fantastic when you are on vacation and have to park far away from where you are trying to go and don't know the area to be able to easily find your way back.
This app is put together very well. Works really well and is very easy to learn and use. I like that the GPS feature is optional and doesn&apos;t just come on automatically.. I&apos;m not sure how often I would actually use this, but it&apos;s fun to play with.
I Love this because I get Tv schedules I add daily. I want this here forever and ever. I want another.
For a free app this works great. I just use it to see what is on network tv. The latest update even makes viewing shows by time so much easier.
This is a great app, you can customize to show your fav. stations. I had tv guide and didn't care for the app. I really like this one.
An excellent tv guide. Works real smooth on my android tablet and gives my tv listings. Use it all the time. A very nice app.
I use it many times a day.  I only gave it 4 stars because nothing is perfect.  This is better than looking in the newspaper or using the cable guide
works well on the kindle fire.  has all my channels.  very easy to cofigure and use.  don't have to turn on Tv to see what is on.
Best app I have on my tablet.  Just put in zip code and type of broadcast you are looking for and you get a complete listing.
Good App.!  Would like to read the listings going across the time schedule, instead of downwardly. Overall, a pretty good app.
I love this app! So much quicker than using the guide on my Tv and I can see the next two shows that are coming up on each channel while I am browsing. When you click on a channel they show a description of each show that is coming on. This is one of my favorite apps.
to have on my Kindle Fire. Really easy and informative to use when planning my watching schedule. I especially like the way the programming has been categorized.
I use this app everyday. I like the simple layout, which makes it easy to read. It lets you bookmark shows and set a reminder, which is pretty handy. Overall I would say get this app.
I've tried out several TV programming apps on both iOS and Kindle. This one is definitely the best so far. It gives you a clear listing of what's on as well as what's coming up in the next couple of hours, and with a tap you can zoom in on more details about the program and the channel. This is what the on-screen guide from my cable provider should look and work like.
This has my favorites, my emmys, my oscars, new picks, this is going to be great, love it just going through it.
This is a great tv guide for checking on shows and times. I like the way it goes in detail on the show and the plot to the show!
I have this on my Kindle Fire & love it. I use this to see what is on & what is coming on later so I don't miss shows I want to watch. I use this mostly when watching TV & I don't want to go to my computer to check on shows coming up.
I've been searching for the perfect app for TV listings and I just may have found it. With the most recent update, the TV Listings by TV24 does almost everything I want. It is easy to save just the channels I want and I can select a specific program to get more details. Two more things would make this the all-time most perfect app: 1) Provide an option to view in a grid (my personal preference) and 2) Allow the ability to open the app on a computer to print the listings to share with the family.Great job! I plan to tell everyone I know about this app!
I use this app almost everyday.  I like that it is free and gives me enough info to determine what I want to see on tv daily or even a few days into the future.  I like the formatting/layout of the schedule: ubcomplicated, and convenient...and once again, it's free!!
This is great to use and see all the channels and shows that are coming on in one compact place.  I have it on my kindle and love it.
I loved this app &amp; used it daily.  You used to be able to pick just the channels you want to follow.  Alas... the &quot;new and improved version&quot; does not save the channels picked.  Yes you can pick the channels but when you go  back into the app all the channels you didn't  want to see are back.  The list is long to scroll thru if you are only interested in a few channels.  I have tried to save numerous times but it keeps bringing up all the channels.  I should have just stayed with the old version.
If your Tv isn't large enough to read the digital guide form where you are, there is, literally, no alternative (not printed on paper).  Truly intuitive, efficient and complete.  It is, by far, my most used application. I am very grateful to have received my Fire as a gift from my wife and to discover this application, just as the void of a Tv guide solution was needed.  I have 100 csble channels and am lucky to find one thing worth watching within a 24 hour period. This app gives you the best possible chance of finding that one episode. My only suggestion would be to add ratings to help search for new favorites - something we all value infinitely on Amazon.  That was, everytime they cancel the only show that doesn't suck (e.g. Prime Suspect, Lie to Me, Medium, etc.) t will be helpful in watching for a new replacement.
does what I needed! you enter your zip code to get your local listings and BAM! being able to set reminders for shows is a nice feature too
I recommend it profusely. best tv listings app on the market, and I always use it. other than that, simple and effective
Since I do not have cable TV, and our local newspaper only lists evening and night programming, I needed a way to tell what was on TV. This app fit the bill exactly!! I can even look ahead, and get a synopsis of the show. Thanks!
I have basic cable as I don't watch a ton of tv, and to use my cable guide takes forever to scroll through the hundreds of channels.  I installed this app and hid all channels I don't have or don't want to watch and now only see my channels.  Great app for looking ahead and planning any movies, etc. too!
for a FATD this was a great game. Loved the design and the daily puzzles to do - starting with 'piece of cake'
Downloaded on my Motorola Xoom.  It's a lot of fun! Easy to use and I'm glad that it takes up the whole screen on my xoom!
I've tried a number of Sudoku apps and never quite been satisfied until I played Enjoy Sudoku. It's got it all - consistent difficulty modes, intuitive and efficient interface, great highlighting, and an incredible hint/tutorial system. A great game for any skill level - it'll help and tutor you to discover all the complicated strategies if you get stuck.There is a free version where you can play the daily puzzle at each difficulty as a trial; the unlimited puzzle generation is awesome and well worth it.
just fourteen words to sudoku lovers get it get it get it get it get it get it GET IT
This game gives you new puzzels daily at all different levels to keep you occuppied and mind active for quite a while if you play them all.
I will actually play this until my eyes can no longer focus more than 2 feet away.  Granted, I'm getting older, so it doesn't take that long any more, but still.  This looks good on my phone (Galaxy S4), my Kindle Fire 8.9&#34; HDX, and my Galaxy Tab 2 7-inch.  It's very easy to use and even has instructions of what to look for.  If you like Sudoku, this is a great version.
I can't believe how Much fun sudoku is! this got me hooked and i won't be off it for a while
It helps you get better... excellent games... levels you will not see with other Sudoku implementations... just amazing. Definitely highly recommended.
I've played a lot of Sudoku apps, both on the Android and the iPad.  And so far, hands down, this is the best one.  I would have been willing to pick this one up for three bucks if I didn't already have it for free (yay, free Apps on Amazon).What I love about this more than the other apps is that you choose a number then the square you want to put it in.  Usually it is the opposite.  When you choose the number all the spots you've already chosen that number light up, making it easy to see if you are making a mistake or not.So, full marks for having something that is fun and challenging, giving a lot of options, and properly using all of the screen real estate to the best of its potential.  If you love Sudoku you HAVE to purchase this app.
Excellent sudoku app for all levels of experience. I applaud being able to stop all network access via the preferences.
I have had the free version for over a year now.  I never bought it because one puzzle a day is plenty for me.  I think I tried every sudoku option out there on the market a couple of weeks ago because I was seeing if there was something better but didn't find anything that offers all the features this one does.  Although I will say sometimes the hint system doesn't explain the strategy as well as I would like (When it teaches you what to look for).Oh, and I just found out its compatible with my Xoom...excellent!
Great app for the price.  Works as expected without any problems.  I am happy with the performance ont he kindle fire.
Sudoku is always a favorite but the way this one is set up makes it even better.  All the little extras attached to each game like letting you know when a wrong move was made, when you have successfully gotten a series of numbers, etc. make it a joy to play.  And the skill levels can't be beat.  If you are in the mood for an easy relaxing game, or a real mind bender and anything in between, this has it all.
I used the free version of this for quite some time before spending the money on this. I absolutely love this sudoku app. Very intuitive controls, many features that make the game easier to play but don't take the challenge out of the game. A lot of personalization options allow everyone to play how they are most comfortable. Definitely worth the money to be able to play more than one of each level every day.
This is the best Sudoku app, hands down!  I love this app! Great setup, user friendly, easy on the eyes, and customizable.  Works perfectly on my Samsung Galaxy SII Epic 4G Touch and my Kindle Fire.
Definitely grab this today if you have any interest in a sudoku app. There's plenty of them around, some that are free. But this one is by far the best i've used. I can't say that it's worth $3 for everyone, as i'm not personally a hardcore sudoku guy. But really, the tutorials really make this worth it. The hard puzzles are actually challenging. Theres no shortage of puzzles. The highlighting system rocks, as well as the best hinting system i've seen..I need a lot of hints ^_^ so I very much appreciate the attention to detail there. The main menu doesn't look like anything special, but the actual board is clean and clear. Nice job, and definitely worth the money for people who love sudoku. Enjoy!Phone: Droid X(Android 2.2.1, Liberty 2.0.1)
Great puzzles, the different levels are very consistent, and the learn feature has taught me more about how to master Sudoku than I would have playing with pencil and paper.