Tried to run this on my Kindle Fire; kept giving me message that I needed an updated flash player. When I tried to download, there were several selections, but none seemed to match my Kindle Fire settings and the ones I tried to download, didn't make Rhapsody work either. There seemed to be two ways to access Rhapsody; one took me to all this problem of the download and the other was the pay for it monthly option. I deleted all the downloads & Rhapsody app off my Kindle.
I have been a therapist fan for years. it' s a great product. download as many songs as you want each month. super quick and easy. affordable.
Ipad and Ipod Touch versions are much better. App can be hard to navigate at times and seems more like a mobile site than a convenient app.
why would you want to get a free app and but then have to pay 10 bucks a month to use it?
wanted to find a music app that was free this one was not and was way too much money for what I was looking for.
I got a new Kindle and quickly started downloading a bunch of apps and books.  I downloaded this app and realized it wasn&#8217;t for me.  It bored me very quickly.  I downloaded the important ones from Amazon&#8217;s library and am content with what I have.  Not for me&#8230;but maybe you&#8217;ll like it.
Excellent source for music if your  willing to pay for the service.  If you're looking for music give it a try, they give you a free trail. If you don't like it you can always look elsewhere.
Went looking for a app to listen to tunes on my Kindle fire.Tried a few free app,not my cup of tea).Like this 1 cause I don't have to take up a lot of space on my device.
I have used this music source for a number of years and overall, they have a good variety ranging from Jack Hylton to Frank Sinatra to Black Ghosts. The only problem I had is that I had to keep the Caffine app on in order to get more than 30 seconds of a song which I found a little frustrating.  Still, a great way to hear some music from yesteryear and expand on your interests!
Soo much easier than downloading music. I don't care about the 10 bux a month subscription. I get to listen to anything from comedy cd's by kevin hart, wheels on the bus for my son or the first beastie boys cd. It has everything.
Wish that It was easier to navigate in but for the most part a great app for the Bible.  Praise God
Thank you for the DAILY BIBLE, JoanSoft.....  I now start my day with listening to the DailyVerse.  I am a religious person but not to the extreme.  Listening to the DailyVerse reminds me of my days in grade school when we started the day off by reading from the Bible. It didn't hurt anyone and I know it helped me.  Thanks again for a great app.
ONLY i wish it was in other versions, like the ESV, and the NKJV ~ but this is a great study/read!
So far this it the best Daily Bible that I've found as a free app so far.  I've only been looking for about a week but so far I really like this one.
The Daily bible give me a verse to read and easy way to get to other chapters and verses.  It even let me read different bible version.
This app was actually very stupid and very boring.  Unless I missed something, its nothing but a blank screen with one verse written down.  You can't really do to much more then read the one small passage.  I deleted it after about a week.
I have been trying to find a really good Bible plan. Well I did.  I listen with the audio and it is fantastic.  Finally something I know I will stick to. This plan gives me devotionals, preaching and Bible reading.  I can hardly wait until tomorrow for the next reading.  :-)
Thank you for providing an app that not only has a daily Bible verse but other preachers as well. Thank You
I get to listen to different messages from a long list of preachers from Joel Olsteen, Joyce Meyer and Creflo Dollar. It is a spiritual tool I tap into more than once a day. This app also allows me to search chapters or verse and it can be read to me which is hard to find (in a human sounding voice)  .THIS IS MY GO TO APP FOR PODCASTS.
I am busy 24/7.  I am embarrassed to admit my quite time with God at times is less than 5 minutes a morning.  On those days this app comes in handy.  Also, some days I need a pick-me-up and this works every time.  I like how I can choose the version (NIV KJ NKJ etc)
I have this downloaded on my Kindle Fire and use it in church, it is so much easier to go to the different books of the bible
This app was awesome, but the Daily Plan went blank, and has not been fixed. it doesn't matter which plan you are on. I tried going to the website, but joansoft.com is totally down. Looks like the domain may have expired. Does that mean things won't get fixed? Help!
Daily Bible verse.  I love this, it pops up every morning, its searchable, and you can save your favorite verses.
didn't like this app at all I dnt receive anything I instantly uninstalled. i expected the best from this App and didn't get it
It's a tower defense game. I like the twist of the energy towers. It doesn't have beautiful, intense graphics but doesn't need them. Most of the low ratings are from trolls or people incapable or too lazy to read the instructions. I took off one star due to price. If it hadn't been a FAOTD the current cost is too high.
I just tried this game and the towers need to recharge but I have no idea how to do that I literary tried everybutton then I even went to help and all it all it said was they will need to be recharged so I folly don't reccomend this.
This app is about how people fight bubbles of water while flying in air balloons.... ? seriously this app just fails in every direction, the concept of gameplay is unappealing and shamefull, graphics sucks, and did I mention that there's no music? :D am destroying this app to rubble, 1 star for faotd again.... you mad bro? good be mad hahaha
It sucks!!The weapons are stuped.Don,t wast your time and your money.Who came up with this game is stuped. Get a life.
This is the first tower defense (TD) game i've played and it's an enjoyable game.  Most of the negatiave reviews are from people that don't understand the concept and were to lazy to try to understand...or perhaps just trolling, big surprise.  The initial towers you can purchase shoot once.  As you earn more coins you can upgrade to better towers, power stations etc.  Anyways, the game looks simple in appearance, but again it's just a simple TD game for your phone.  The two things i don't like were the instructions didn't mention that you can upgrade during waves, not just between waves.  Also, I couldn't slide towers across my screen.  I could only move them by touching the spot on my screen where i'd want them.  This was tedious at times because the tip of your finger isn't as accurate as if you were using a stylus.  Sliding would have been much easier.  HTC Thunderbolt stock.
My team was on the bubble. Then Joe Lunardi popped it. Thanks a lot Joe for that. NIT here we come.
No sound, terrible concept, graphics look like an out of focus photo, and horrendously overpriced.  An insult to all video games.
Honestly, what the hell is wrong with people today? The instructions about the power sources is *PERFECTLY* clear. Just because the bulk of the one star reviewers are brainless mouthbreathers, who are incapable of comprehending basic English, doesn't mean this is a horrible game.Idiots aside, this is actually a fun little game and, IMHO, a nice variation of your typical tower defence game. The controls aren't perfect though. Placing the towers can be a little cumbersome in terms of fine tuning the location in a hurry. So meaning that after doing the initial click-to-place the &quot;dragging&quot; for fine tuning is very slow. ESC = 'back arrow'.Game plays just fine on my rooted / rom'd Charge.
This is a basic tower defense game.It's not the best looking or most advanced, but it is quite functional (at least on the kindle fire).  In my opinion - it could use better descriptions of the towers in the help menu. It's never mentioned that you NEED a power station - or your towers just shoot once...  I think the icon on a tower once it's depleted it's power does a decent job, but that kind of information is critical to gameplay and should be clearly spelled out in the instructions somewhere.I initially went to the help menu because I tried to DRAG my tower to where I wanted to.  It moved amazingly slow.  I figured that COULDN'T be how it was supposed to be.  It wasn't.  The help screen let me know to touch the location where I wanted the tower and then drag it for fine tuning (which actually works well)."ESC to cancel" also isn't of much help on the single button kindle fire.  To cancel placing a tower on the kindle fire, hit the little arrow at the bottom of the screen that brings up your menu, then hit the "back" arrow.Something else I would REALLY like to see is a "restart level" option.  I've placed my towers wrong and I want to go back and do it all again.  I have to exit and save - go back to the main menu, choose the level, select to start fresh.  It would be a lot easier to have menu options to just start over.I like the fact that this game doesn't have crazy permission requirements - but I don't think it's a $2.99 game.
this is not a good game. do not by it. I mean, really. its terrible. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!
wow what a waste of time.  place the tower, dragging works like crap so you just have to touch where you want it not drag.  then when the baloons come, the towers shoot once and then have a little icon that looks like a lightning bolt and never shoot again.  worthless app that I'm glad was free... don't waste your time with it
I never read game  tutorials, but maybe should have with this one.  It took me a while to realize that the easiest way to build new towers is NOT to drag them, but click the tower you want to build and then click the place on the map you want to build it.  The game itself gives you strategy tips for the game in general during the 1st level.  The only other thing you need is your brain, and it's a decent tower defense game.  The only thing that could be improved is the graphics, and a forced tutorial level that makes you place certain towers and explains what they do.
This is terrible! Poor graphics and concept is out there,  but really better graphica would make it allot better.  Perhaps a free app to begin with or if they need money that bad 50&cent;.  Give me a go theme, calculator, tricorder, script or something.
horrible, each tower took one shot, and then stopped. not to mention when you buy the tower and try to move them it moves barely, or it skips all the way across the screen. uninstall on my galaxy s II
robot defense but less responsive and harder to understand even the easy setting. I hope they fix the bugs, but until they do I cannot recommend this game at all!
constantly. froze, not responsive and the instructions on how to play were useless.  a tutorial. would have earned it an extra star.  I got what I paid for on this one.....nothing.  uninstalled
all the tower just only attact the target one time,then they work again.it just occurs a lighting Icon. what does it mean? so the menu needs to be enhanced.
Waste of a free game on Amazon's end. Gameplay is garbage, clunky, and didn't make compared to other defense games. Hard to imagine the frustration from those who actually paid for the app.  Don't waste your time even with the free app that Amazon offers, I wasted 20 mins of my life figuring this one out and I can never have that time back.
I think people are being too harsh on this game. It's really basic and not nearly as good as the other games out there because it's been around a lot longer. BB Defense and BB Defense 2 were big hits back when Blackberry had some of the best smartphones on the market. Android has come a long way in the last few years and developers have made better games. Now, I will give the poor reviews credit, the developer assumes that you have already played the first version of this game, which is why there are few instructions. But seriously people, giving this game 1 star is like a 10 year old saying the original Super Mario Bros for NES was a crap game. It's OLD people, that doesn't make it bad.
just like the title says... its like some 14 year old kids first attempt at an app. there is that and the fact that it is a total rip off of bloons which is totally worth buying
klunky and a waste of money not even worth the free download..wasn't there just a bubble game that was horrible two days ago???
This app has everything for someone who likes to play games and likes to have fun at it, likes to think about strategy a bit and likes to enjoy playing. It's easy to play but hard to win, at least on all but the easiest level, so you'll actually have to plan out a strategy to get the win on each level, and it does get progressively harder, even if the action seems repetitive. This game is one I'll keep on my Fire indefinitely and will come back to time and time again for a little respite from my daily troubles.
I was excited to try this game when I saw that it was a tower defense game but, this was a sad disappointment. Even with directions, the game play didn't any make sense.Only one tower can fire one shot. Then that tower is useless. All the while 20 balls fly by it.. I couldnt win one game to save my life...And, that was the EASY mode!The really sad part about this game?  Prior to it being Amazons FAOTD, they were actually charging people $2.99 for this!If I could rate zero stars,  I would....
This is not a bad app but I think 2.99 is over price.  I am surprised this game does not have music.  Pacman like music could make the game more interesting.
i would not get this game it sucks and not worth your time at all. It is the worst game i have ever played
I saw all the bad reviews and was suspicious they were planted there by a competitor to make this company look bad.  However, playing on a Samsung Galaxy S, this game had definite issues.First, there dots not seem to be an explanation as to what each tower did.  Strike one.Second, I could not adjust the game volume.  During the game, my phone's volume controls affected the ringer, not the game.Finally, the interface was terrible.  Trying to place a tower is so difficult, in that it is so slow to move across the screen as to render it unplayable.This could have been a nice sequel.  Instead it's a disaster.
this is the first time I give an app a one star rating, and the first time I can actually say it's not even worth the free download. unbelievable! The worst &quot;game&quot; I've ever come across!
great application when you are low on memory press the app and automaticallyfrees some memory. or when your device is feeling sluggish. i have this app on all my past phones and now on my Android tablet Impression.
If I could find the endless Fountain of Cryptograms I'd be ecstatic but this one comes close. Great quotes and challenging ones too. Great time eater.
Great App for finding your car at the airport or at disney land. But that's about all i can think of to use it for. Never the less I do  use it from time to time and it works great!!
This app has been around on the Market for a long time and has been reviewed thoroughly on many websites. Trolls on Amazon claiming abuse of permissions are idiots. This is free today. If you don&apos;t want it because you chose to believe an idiot, don&apos;t download it and move on. The app does exactly what it says it does and does it fairly well depending on your own phone&apos;s GPS accuracy. It&apos;s not the developers fault of your GPS is way off. Go complain to the manufacturer.
I thought this app would work, but it didn't. All it successfully did was tell me how long I had been parked. As I was walking to my car the arrow was pointed at me the entire time, telling me I needed to turn around. I didn't listen to it because I knew what direction I needed to go to find my car. Good thing I ignored the app because I found my car without its help.This is supposed to be a paid app and doesn't work. At all. If I'd had listened to the app I would have been so lost.Htc My touch 4g cm7
With all of the idiocy in almost every free app of the day&apos;s ridiculous 1 star reviews we are going to see no one wanting to be the FAOTD. Too much nonsense over permissions when it is obvious why they&apos;re needed if you just read what the app does.  Don&apos;t ruin this by being stupid.
Secretly Transmits all of your contact data over the internet to the developer.  Also secretly transmits you car photo to the dev.  Please report abuse to the Amazon app store to have this app removed and remotely wiped.
I downloaded it since its free and just to add it to my apps list, which I do everyday. I did test it out and have to say it does its intended purpose well. That being said, if you do need this app to remember where you parked, there are other issues at hand.
After installing this on my 1st Samsung Galaxy 7&#34; tablet the tablet went bonkers on me. Even the pros could not reset the tablet back to factory settings. It's difficult to believe there could have been anything else responsible for bricking the tablet. I recommend you DO NOT install this.
4.5 stars from over 1,100 ratings on Googles Android Market.\n\nRegarding the permissions,  read the app description; they are all justified.
I only downloaded it because it was free, but didn't find much usefulness out of it. I don't think I would recommend it to anyone because I think there are other products that work better.
I never lose track of my car - until I go to a professional basketball game. The local arena has many entrances, and by the time I get out, I can't tell if I need to go right or left. This gets me pointed in the right direction and leads me to where I need to go. It works. Use it!
I have tried to use this app several times and it has not once successfully located my car. Totally worthless. The last time it said my car was 42km away when I was standing next to it.
Why does this app need permission to install? It should run without installing. Plus there are a ton of fake dev reviews. Also, this app is used by either the government or aliens to track us. My tinfoil hat got dented last night so I&apos;m not sure which. Uh oh, here come the black helicopters! Run!
there was a time I really need this app to work, but somehow it said my car was across the world....how? I tryed playoff with it, fixing my gps and still mad me bounce all over.
Just read a review that someone&apos;s pissed that this app cant find your car if its moved\/stolen. Oh man...can you people READ?? First, do you see a tracking device for your car that magically appears when you download it? Oh, you don&apos;t? Well then THATs why it isnt tracking your car. Its to find your parked car where you left it. Secondly look at the details you 1 star trolls. It needs that permission to do its thing. You really think the dev left ALL these comments and gets off on secret pictures of your cars? Yeah, okay. :) App works great.
I love this app!! It's not something that I'll use a lot, but is a must for when you do need it! I recently used it for the first time at the Georgia vs Florida football game in Jacksonville, FL. If anyone has been there, you know parking is crazy an you may be a mile from the stadium if you don't want to pay $50 or more for parking, which I don't! I was in a new town, with cars an people everywhere, not really knowing where I was. The app marked my car perfect, an i could even see the sidewalk that was by my car on the map. The app actually showed the stadium too so I knew which direction to walk. When the tailgating party an game was over, it led me right back to my car perfectly!! Everyone that rode with me was highly impressed with the app, and so was I. Thanks for this awesome and helpful app!!
I&apos;m usually lenient when it comes to app permissions, but I think this one is taking permission abuse to a whole new level. Why does it need to know my contacts info and send\/receive sms messages?\nDid not install.
Just get a flag for your car. I didn't find the GPS to be reliable enough to be useful. Maybe if I was at a sporting event
There is no way that an app to locate a parked car needs to send and receive SMS. And no way expressing that needs 20 words.
Too many unnecessary permissions are needed for this App. There is no reason they need your personal data to manage your locations.
I been testin this app all day and can honestly say it don't work. When I first seen this app I was extatic. See, I live in the hood and cars are all the time gettin stolen. So to test this app, I had my girlfriend take my car to various places at the mall and drop it off. This app only took me to the place I left my car - everytime. I don't need to know where I left my car, I parked the thing! So either I'm just missin the point, or this thing don't work. Deuces.
All seemed well when I saved my location but if you do anything after that, it fails miserably. After pulling down the task bar and launched the app I switched back to desktop and turned down the brightness, that&apos;s it. If you do anything with your device, it fails. We tried all kinds of senerios with the same results. \nTo bad, I was really looking forward to using it.
the app does just what it says. I just don&apos;t understand how you have a $30 to $40,000 peice of machinery that you are probably still makeing payments on, and you forgot where you put it.  There are times (like the post before me) where I can understand, but those are rare.
the sensitivity adjustments on this game Suck. Doesn't make much sense to get stuck behind a rock wall.  And to put and have the ball bounce off the pin, over and over again Sucks. This AP is a rip off.
No matter which platform I buy I always look for a 3D (first person) golf game. I love the different courses (that I'll never see in person) and being able to actually hit the ball without digging a four foot trench in the landscaping! I like this version but because I don't have a lot of memory in my device the scenery changes like turning pages in a book. Be careful when you adjust your view or you will lose yourself and have to swing "blind". Other then that the game is perfect. Oh and the girl you play against... hubba hubba!
I've tried other TV listing apps and this is the best so far. I watch very little TV, but this app always helps me figure out what's on. My favorite option is being able to choose only certain channel to be displayed. Why bother telling me about the local channel that only displays a live video feed of the freeway? This app is a keeper.
My title says it all. Not sure what happened after the update but the app is missing nearly all of my areas channels. I will be deleting and looking for a replacement.
Very conveinnt & accurate, to just pull my kindle ou,  rather than looking it up on tv, the scroll goes by so slow, and more than half of screen is a movie playing..
5stars. This is a simple, easy to use program. It is really well designed. The fastest way to find out what is on Tv
Shows all the program listings and is easy to use. Easy to download too.  Like all the features of it.
Used to have small, barely intrusive banner ads. I guess they got greedy, now ads take up half the screen, freeze/lock up the app, and all but cripple my tablet. Uninstalling.
Well after using the real TV Guide on my smart phone this needs a lot changes to make it easier to use. Lacking a lot, hopefully it will make changes in the future or Amazon can get the real TV app. But I won't hold my breath. I'm still waiting for them to carry some locale apps that both of the other big name apps download sites carry yet Amazon doesn't if they can't produce the apps for kindle like Google or ios site they need to get out of the app business. I love my Kindle except for this issue. As it is now you need to carry two devises to get the apps you need
Where do I find out how to use it other than see the listings? If I can see instructions and if it works I will give it a better rating.
This is ultimately a really good app. You can filter out the channels you don't watch and keep only those you do watch.This would get five stars except for one problem: Every now and then it loses the settings I've put in it and I have to do the settings all over again. It's very frustrating when it does that.Other than that, it's an app I heartily recommend!
I LOVE this app!  I can check TV listings whenever I want, wherever I am (as long as I have WiFi) without even turning on the telly!  I can choose the time of day I want to watch, I can read a synopsis of the programs, and set reminders for the shows I want to see.  I don't have to log in (otherwise I'd probably have just used the listings by my cable provider).  I can also remove the channels I don't watch.  That means if I'm watching to just relax I don't have to look at any of the news channels, financial channels, sales channels, or programs in languages that I don't understand.  This is really convenient and useful.  And best of all FREE!!!
HANDS DOWN BEATS THE SCHEDULING GUIDE ON YOUR TV!!!!!!I love that I can make my own viewing guide by  eliminating all the channels I don't like.  It's so much easier to look at programming by scrolling on my KF instead of endlessly pushing a button on the remote control to look at page after page of programming.Also love that I can pick sports and see all the teams playing at the same time so I can quickly go to the channel I want to watch.  Ditto for movies.Viewing the entire line-up for one channel each day is so easy and quick.My only complaint is that I can't save my home viewing area and set up a new one I go on vacation in another viewing area.
I love how this app shows me the guide for cable since my new provider doesn't offer a channel guide.The only problem is the in app ads. They are huge and take up half of the screen. I tried to find a way to pay to eliminate the ads but there is no way.I am very disappointed. I think I'll look for another channel guide app.
I have been looking for an app to simply show me what's on, what time and perhaps some information about the shows and this fits the bil nicely.
The app is good,just not what I was wanting.The alerts I was getting were not my favorites.Maybe I did not set it up correctly. I would really like a calenderwith the favorite shows on the dates with the times.Still searching for something else.
I spent a lot of time entering my channels by filtering them only to have it do an update and lose all my preferences.  I'll be removing it from my Kindle HDX. Thanks anyway.
This app doesn't have my cable provider... &gt;8[  TV Guide app does.  I need more words before I can submit my review.  Geesh, I still need more...
It is to &#34;linear&#34; ... i.e. guide is not layed out in a grid format.  I prefer to use the online grid supplied by DISH Network. where I can see several hours and about 10 channels on the same screen grid.  I removed it from my Kindle Fire.
IT IS VERY HANDY...MORE THOROUGH THAN THE GRID PROVIDED ON OUR CABLE CHANNELS THROUGH THE TELEVISION SET...ONCE AGAIN, THANK YOU FOR THIS APP
This is merely a chronological listing of tv programs. No way to program for favorites or notification or select out channels you don't view. It is really not very helpful in the modern world of hundreds of choices.
I chose this rating because this really helped me when I was looking to see what was on TV.  States most of the channels I watch.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Very convenient.
This has been my favorite tv listings app.  I like the fact that it shows the 3 upcoming shows per channel in a vertical listing and then when I select a channel I can see the upcoming shows for several hours.  I can scroll pretty quickly and easily through the list to see all the channels.  I like the reminder feature.  It is even better with the recent update.
I love this app so much. When i want to see what's on Tv its just one  click away on this app. When i didn't have this app it took FOREVER to find what is on.  The only thing i don't like is when i take a channel off, (because i don't have that channel) the next time i click on it that channel is still there.
It would have been great if I could set reminders on it. Otherwise it was just a basic tv guide that was digital.