I have been a therapist fan for years. it' s a great product. download as many songs as you want each month. super quick and easy. affordable.
Excellent source for music if your  willing to pay for the service.  If you're looking for music give it a try, they give you a free trail. If you don't like it you can always look elsewhere.
I have used this music source for a number of years and overall, they have a good variety ranging from Jack Hylton to Frank Sinatra to Black Ghosts. The only problem I had is that I had to keep the Caffine app on in order to get more than 30 seconds of a song which I found a little frustrating.  Still, a great way to hear some music from yesteryear and expand on your interests!
Soo much easier than downloading music. I don't care about the 10 bux a month subscription. I get to listen to anything from comedy cd's by kevin hart, wheels on the bus for my son or the first beastie boys cd. It has everything.
Wish that It was easier to navigate in but for the most part a great app for the Bible.  Praise God
Thank you for the DAILY BIBLE, JoanSoft.....  I now start my day with listening to the DailyVerse.  I am a religious person but not to the extreme.  Listening to the DailyVerse reminds me of my days in grade school when we started the day off by reading from the Bible. It didn't hurt anyone and I know it helped me.  Thanks again for a great app.
ONLY i wish it was in other versions, like the ESV, and the NKJV ~ but this is a great study/read!
So far this it the best Daily Bible that I've found as a free app so far.  I've only been looking for about a week but so far I really like this one.
The Daily bible give me a verse to read and easy way to get to other chapters and verses.  It even let me read different bible version.
I have been trying to find a really good Bible plan. Well I did.  I listen with the audio and it is fantastic.  Finally something I know I will stick to. This plan gives me devotionals, preaching and Bible reading.  I can hardly wait until tomorrow for the next reading.  :-)
Thank you for providing an app that not only has a daily Bible verse but other preachers as well. Thank You
I get to listen to different messages from a long list of preachers from Joel Olsteen, Joyce Meyer and Creflo Dollar. It is a spiritual tool I tap into more than once a day. This app also allows me to search chapters or verse and it can be read to me which is hard to find (in a human sounding voice)  .THIS IS MY GO TO APP FOR PODCASTS.
I am busy 24/7.  I am embarrassed to admit my quite time with God at times is less than 5 minutes a morning.  On those days this app comes in handy.  Also, some days I need a pick-me-up and this works every time.  I like how I can choose the version (NIV KJ NKJ etc)
I have this downloaded on my Kindle Fire and use it in church, it is so much easier to go to the different books of the bible
Daily Bible verse.  I love this, it pops up every morning, its searchable, and you can save your favorite verses.
It's a tower defense game. I like the twist of the energy towers. It doesn't have beautiful, intense graphics but doesn't need them. Most of the low ratings are from trolls or people incapable or too lazy to read the instructions. I took off one star due to price. If it hadn't been a FAOTD the current cost is too high.
This is the first tower defense (TD) game i've played and it's an enjoyable game.  Most of the negatiave reviews are from people that don't understand the concept and were to lazy to try to understand...or perhaps just trolling, big surprise.  The initial towers you can purchase shoot once.  As you earn more coins you can upgrade to better towers, power stations etc.  Anyways, the game looks simple in appearance, but again it's just a simple TD game for your phone.  The two things i don't like were the instructions didn't mention that you can upgrade during waves, not just between waves.  Also, I couldn't slide towers across my screen.  I could only move them by touching the spot on my screen where i'd want them.  This was tedious at times because the tip of your finger isn't as accurate as if you were using a stylus.  Sliding would have been much easier.  HTC Thunderbolt stock.
I think people are being too harsh on this game. It's really basic and not nearly as good as the other games out there because it's been around a lot longer. BB Defense and BB Defense 2 were big hits back when Blackberry had some of the best smartphones on the market. Android has come a long way in the last few years and developers have made better games. Now, I will give the poor reviews credit, the developer assumes that you have already played the first version of this game, which is why there are few instructions. But seriously people, giving this game 1 star is like a 10 year old saying the original Super Mario Bros for NES was a crap game. It's OLD people, that doesn't make it bad.
I never read game  tutorials, but maybe should have with this one.  It took me a while to realize that the easiest way to build new towers is NOT to drag them, but click the tower you want to build and then click the place on the map you want to build it.  The game itself gives you strategy tips for the game in general during the 1st level.  The only other thing you need is your brain, and it's a decent tower defense game.  The only thing that could be improved is the graphics, and a forced tutorial level that makes you place certain towers and explains what they do.
This app has everything for someone who likes to play games and likes to have fun at it, likes to think about strategy a bit and likes to enjoy playing. It's easy to play but hard to win, at least on all but the easiest level, so you'll actually have to plan out a strategy to get the win on each level, and it does get progressively harder, even if the action seems repetitive. This game is one I'll keep on my Fire indefinitely and will come back to time and time again for a little respite from my daily troubles.
great application when you are low on memory press the app and automaticallyfrees some memory. or when your device is feeling sluggish. i have this app on all my past phones and now on my Android tablet Impression.
If I could find the endless Fountain of Cryptograms I'd be ecstatic but this one comes close. Great quotes and challenging ones too. Great time eater.
Great App for finding your car at the airport or at disney land. But that's about all i can think of to use it for. Never the less I do  use it from time to time and it works great!!
This app has been around on the Market for a long time and has been reviewed thoroughly on many websites. Trolls on Amazon claiming abuse of permissions are idiots. This is free today. If you don&apos;t want it because you chose to believe an idiot, don&apos;t download it and move on. The app does exactly what it says it does and does it fairly well depending on your own phone&apos;s GPS accuracy. It&apos;s not the developers fault of your GPS is way off. Go complain to the manufacturer.
I downloaded it since its free and just to add it to my apps list, which I do everyday. I did test it out and have to say it does its intended purpose well. That being said, if you do need this app to remember where you parked, there are other issues at hand.
4.5 stars from over 1,100 ratings on Googles Android Market.\n\nRegarding the permissions,  read the app description; they are all justified.
I never lose track of my car - until I go to a professional basketball game. The local arena has many entrances, and by the time I get out, I can't tell if I need to go right or left. This gets me pointed in the right direction and leads me to where I need to go. It works. Use it!
Just read a review that someone&apos;s pissed that this app cant find your car if its moved\/stolen. Oh man...can you people READ?? First, do you see a tracking device for your car that magically appears when you download it? Oh, you don&apos;t? Well then THATs why it isnt tracking your car. Its to find your parked car where you left it. Secondly look at the details you 1 star trolls. It needs that permission to do its thing. You really think the dev left ALL these comments and gets off on secret pictures of your cars? Yeah, okay. :) App works great.
I love this app!! It's not something that I'll use a lot, but is a must for when you do need it! I recently used it for the first time at the Georgia vs Florida football game in Jacksonville, FL. If anyone has been there, you know parking is crazy an you may be a mile from the stadium if you don't want to pay $50 or more for parking, which I don't! I was in a new town, with cars an people everywhere, not really knowing where I was. The app marked my car perfect, an i could even see the sidewalk that was by my car on the map. The app actually showed the stadium too so I knew which direction to walk. When the tailgating party an game was over, it led me right back to my car perfectly!! Everyone that rode with me was highly impressed with the app, and so was I. Thanks for this awesome and helpful app!!
the app does just what it says. I just don&apos;t understand how you have a $30 to $40,000 peice of machinery that you are probably still makeing payments on, and you forgot where you put it.  There are times (like the post before me) where I can understand, but those are rare.
No matter which platform I buy I always look for a 3D (first person) golf game. I love the different courses (that I'll never see in person) and being able to actually hit the ball without digging a four foot trench in the landscaping! I like this version but because I don't have a lot of memory in my device the scenery changes like turning pages in a book. Be careful when you adjust your view or you will lose yourself and have to swing "blind". Other then that the game is perfect. Oh and the girl you play against... hubba hubba!
I've tried other TV listing apps and this is the best so far. I watch very little TV, but this app always helps me figure out what's on. My favorite option is being able to choose only certain channel to be displayed. Why bother telling me about the local channel that only displays a live video feed of the freeway? This app is a keeper.
Very conveinnt & accurate, to just pull my kindle ou,  rather than looking it up on tv, the scroll goes by so slow, and more than half of screen is a movie playing..
5stars. This is a simple, easy to use program. It is really well designed. The fastest way to find out what is on Tv
Shows all the program listings and is easy to use. Easy to download too.  Like all the features of it.
This is ultimately a really good app. You can filter out the channels you don't watch and keep only those you do watch.This would get five stars except for one problem: Every now and then it loses the settings I've put in it and I have to do the settings all over again. It's very frustrating when it does that.Other than that, it's an app I heartily recommend!
I LOVE this app!  I can check TV listings whenever I want, wherever I am (as long as I have WiFi) without even turning on the telly!  I can choose the time of day I want to watch, I can read a synopsis of the programs, and set reminders for the shows I want to see.  I don't have to log in (otherwise I'd probably have just used the listings by my cable provider).  I can also remove the channels I don't watch.  That means if I'm watching to just relax I don't have to look at any of the news channels, financial channels, sales channels, or programs in languages that I don't understand.  This is really convenient and useful.  And best of all FREE!!!
HANDS DOWN BEATS THE SCHEDULING GUIDE ON YOUR TV!!!!!!I love that I can make my own viewing guide by  eliminating all the channels I don't like.  It's so much easier to look at programming by scrolling on my KF instead of endlessly pushing a button on the remote control to look at page after page of programming.Also love that I can pick sports and see all the teams playing at the same time so I can quickly go to the channel I want to watch.  Ditto for movies.Viewing the entire line-up for one channel each day is so easy and quick.My only complaint is that I can't save my home viewing area and set up a new one I go on vacation in another viewing area.
I have been looking for an app to simply show me what's on, what time and perhaps some information about the shows and this fits the bil nicely.
IT IS VERY HANDY...MORE THOROUGH THAN THE GRID PROVIDED ON OUR CABLE CHANNELS THROUGH THE TELEVISION SET...ONCE AGAIN, THANK YOU FOR THIS APP
I chose this rating because this really helped me when I was looking to see what was on TV.  States most of the channels I watch.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Very convenient.
This has been my favorite tv listings app.  I like the fact that it shows the 3 upcoming shows per channel in a vertical listing and then when I select a channel I can see the upcoming shows for several hours.  I can scroll pretty quickly and easily through the list to see all the channels.  I like the reminder feature.  It is even better with the recent update.
I love this app so much. When i want to see what's on Tv its just one  click away on this app. When i didn't have this app it took FOREVER to find what is on.  The only thing i don't like is when i take a channel off, (because i don't have that channel) the next time i click on it that channel is still there.
My team was on the bubble. Then Joe Lunardi popped it. Thanks a lot Joe for that. NIT here we come.