Tried to run this on my Kindle Fire; kept giving me message that I needed an updated flash player. When I tried to download, there were several selections, but none seemed to match my Kindle Fire settings and the ones I tried to download, didn't make Rhapsody work either. There seemed to be two ways to access Rhapsody; one took me to all this problem of the download and the other was the pay for it monthly option. I deleted all the downloads & Rhapsody app off my Kindle.
Ipad and Ipod Touch versions are much better. App can be hard to navigate at times and seems more like a mobile site than a convenient app.
why would you want to get a free app and but then have to pay 10 bucks a month to use it?
wanted to find a music app that was free this one was not and was way too much money for what I was looking for.
I got a new Kindle and quickly started downloading a bunch of apps and books.  I downloaded this app and realized it wasn&#8217;t for me.  It bored me very quickly.  I downloaded the important ones from Amazon&#8217;s library and am content with what I have.  Not for me&#8230;but maybe you&#8217;ll like it.
Went looking for a app to listen to tunes on my Kindle fire.Tried a few free app,not my cup of tea).Like this 1 cause I don't have to take up a lot of space on my device.
This app was actually very stupid and very boring.  Unless I missed something, its nothing but a blank screen with one verse written down.  You can't really do to much more then read the one small passage.  I deleted it after about a week.
This app was awesome, but the Daily Plan went blank, and has not been fixed. it doesn't matter which plan you are on. I tried going to the website, but joansoft.com is totally down. Looks like the domain may have expired. Does that mean things won't get fixed? Help!
didn't like this app at all I dnt receive anything I instantly uninstalled. i expected the best from this App and didn't get it
I just tried this game and the towers need to recharge but I have no idea how to do that I literary tried everybutton then I even went to help and all it all it said was they will need to be recharged so I folly don't reccomend this.
This app is about how people fight bubbles of water while flying in air balloons.... ? seriously this app just fails in every direction, the concept of gameplay is unappealing and shamefull, graphics sucks, and did I mention that there's no music? :D am destroying this app to rubble, 1 star for faotd again.... you mad bro? good be mad hahaha
It sucks!!The weapons are stuped.Don,t wast your time and your money.Who came up with this game is stuped. Get a life.
No sound, terrible concept, graphics look like an out of focus photo, and horrendously overpriced.  An insult to all video games.
Honestly, what the hell is wrong with people today? The instructions about the power sources is *PERFECTLY* clear. Just because the bulk of the one star reviewers are brainless mouthbreathers, who are incapable of comprehending basic English, doesn't mean this is a horrible game.Idiots aside, this is actually a fun little game and, IMHO, a nice variation of your typical tower defence game. The controls aren't perfect though. Placing the towers can be a little cumbersome in terms of fine tuning the location in a hurry. So meaning that after doing the initial click-to-place the &quot;dragging&quot; for fine tuning is very slow. ESC = 'back arrow'.Game plays just fine on my rooted / rom'd Charge.
This is a basic tower defense game.It's not the best looking or most advanced, but it is quite functional (at least on the kindle fire).  In my opinion - it could use better descriptions of the towers in the help menu. It's never mentioned that you NEED a power station - or your towers just shoot once...  I think the icon on a tower once it's depleted it's power does a decent job, but that kind of information is critical to gameplay and should be clearly spelled out in the instructions somewhere.I initially went to the help menu because I tried to DRAG my tower to where I wanted to.  It moved amazingly slow.  I figured that COULDN'T be how it was supposed to be.  It wasn't.  The help screen let me know to touch the location where I wanted the tower and then drag it for fine tuning (which actually works well)."ESC to cancel" also isn't of much help on the single button kindle fire.  To cancel placing a tower on the kindle fire, hit the little arrow at the bottom of the screen that brings up your menu, then hit the "back" arrow.Something else I would REALLY like to see is a "restart level" option.  I've placed my towers wrong and I want to go back and do it all again.  I have to exit and save - go back to the main menu, choose the level, select to start fresh.  It would be a lot easier to have menu options to just start over.I like the fact that this game doesn't have crazy permission requirements - but I don't think it's a $2.99 game.
This is terrible! Poor graphics and concept is out there,  but really better graphica would make it allot better.  Perhaps a free app to begin with or if they need money that bad 50&cent;.  Give me a go theme, calculator, tricorder, script or something.
horrible, each tower took one shot, and then stopped. not to mention when you buy the tower and try to move them it moves barely, or it skips all the way across the screen. uninstall on my galaxy s II
robot defense but less responsive and harder to understand even the easy setting. I hope they fix the bugs, but until they do I cannot recommend this game at all!
constantly. froze, not responsive and the instructions on how to play were useless.  a tutorial. would have earned it an extra star.  I got what I paid for on this one.....nothing.  uninstalled
all the tower just only attact the target one time,then they work again.it just occurs a lighting Icon. what does it mean? so the menu needs to be enhanced.
Waste of a free game on Amazon's end. Gameplay is garbage, clunky, and didn't make compared to other defense games. Hard to imagine the frustration from those who actually paid for the app.  Don't waste your time even with the free app that Amazon offers, I wasted 20 mins of my life figuring this one out and I can never have that time back.
this is not a good game. do not by it. I mean, really. its terrible. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!
wow what a waste of time.  place the tower, dragging works like crap so you just have to touch where you want it not drag.  then when the baloons come, the towers shoot once and then have a little icon that looks like a lightning bolt and never shoot again.  worthless app that I'm glad was free... don't waste your time with it
just like the title says... its like some 14 year old kids first attempt at an app. there is that and the fact that it is a total rip off of bloons which is totally worth buying
klunky and a waste of money not even worth the free download..wasn't there just a bubble game that was horrible two days ago???
I was excited to try this game when I saw that it was a tower defense game but, this was a sad disappointment. Even with directions, the game play didn't any make sense.Only one tower can fire one shot. Then that tower is useless. All the while 20 balls fly by it.. I couldnt win one game to save my life...And, that was the EASY mode!The really sad part about this game?  Prior to it being Amazons FAOTD, they were actually charging people $2.99 for this!If I could rate zero stars,  I would....
This is not a bad app but I think 2.99 is over price.  I am surprised this game does not have music.  Pacman like music could make the game more interesting.
i would not get this game it sucks and not worth your time at all. It is the worst game i have ever played
I saw all the bad reviews and was suspicious they were planted there by a competitor to make this company look bad.  However, playing on a Samsung Galaxy S, this game had definite issues.First, there dots not seem to be an explanation as to what each tower did.  Strike one.Second, I could not adjust the game volume.  During the game, my phone's volume controls affected the ringer, not the game.Finally, the interface was terrible.  Trying to place a tower is so difficult, in that it is so slow to move across the screen as to render it unplayable.This could have been a nice sequel.  Instead it's a disaster.
this is the first time I give an app a one star rating, and the first time I can actually say it's not even worth the free download. unbelievable! The worst &quot;game&quot; I've ever come across!I thought this app would work, but it didn't. All it successfully did was tell me how long I had been parked. As I was walking to my car the arrow was pointed at me the entire time, telling me I needed to turn around. I didn't listen to it because I knew what direction I needed to go to find my car. Good thing I ignored the app because I found my car without its help.This is supposed to be a paid app and doesn't work. At all. If I'd had listened to the app I would have been so lost.Htc My touch 4g cm7
With all of the idiocy in almost every free app of the day&apos;s ridiculous 1 star reviews we are going to see no one wanting to be the FAOTD. Too much nonsense over permissions when it is obvious why they&apos;re needed if you just read what the app does.  Don&apos;t ruin this by being stupid.
Secretly Transmits all of your contact data over the internet to the developer.  Also secretly transmits you car photo to the dev.  Please report abuse to the Amazon app store to have this app removed and remotely wiped.
After installing this on my 1st Samsung Galaxy 7&#34; tablet the tablet went bonkers on me. Even the pros could not reset the tablet back to factory settings. It's difficult to believe there could have been anything else responsible for bricking the tablet. I recommend you DO NOT install this.
I only downloaded it because it was free, but didn't find much usefulness out of it. I don't think I would recommend it to anyone because I think there are other products that work better.
I have tried to use this app several times and it has not once successfully located my car. Totally worthless. The last time it said my car was 42km away when I was standing next to it.
Why does this app need permission to install? It should run without installing. Plus there are a ton of fake dev reviews. Also, this app is used by either the government or aliens to track us. My tinfoil hat got dented last night so I&apos;m not sure which. Uh oh, here come the black helicopters! Run!
there was a time I really need this app to work, but somehow it said my car was across the world....how? I tryed playoff with it, fixing my gps and still mad me bounce all over.
I&apos;m usually lenient when it comes to app permissions, but I think this one is taking permission abuse to a whole new level. Why does it need to know my contacts info and send\/receive sms messages?\nDid not install.
Just get a flag for your car. I didn't find the GPS to be reliable enough to be useful. Maybe if I was at a sporting event
There is no way that an app to locate a parked car needs to send and receive SMS. And no way expressing that needs 20 words.
Too many unnecessary permissions are needed for this App. There is no reason they need your personal data to manage your locations.
I been testin this app all day and can honestl
It would have been great if I could set reminders on it. Otherwise it was just a basic tv guide that was digital.y say it don't work. When I first seen this app I was extatic. See, I live in the hood and cars are all the time gettin stolen. So to test this app, I had my girlfriend take my car to various places at the mall and drop it off. This app only took me to the place I left my car - everytime. I don't need to know where I left my car, I parked the thing! So either I'm just missin the point, or this thing don't work. Deuces.
All seemed well when I saved my location but if you do anything after that, it fails miserably. After pulling down the task bar and launched the app I switched back to desktop and turned down the brightness, that&apos;s it. If you do anything with your device, it fails. We tried all kinds of senerios with the same results. \nTo bad, I was really looking forward to using it.
the sensitivity adjustments on this game Suck. Doesn't make much sense to get stuck behind a rock wall.  And to put and have the ball bounce off the pin, over and over again Sucks. This AP is a rip off.
My title says it all. Not sure what happened after the update but the app is missing nearly all of my areas channels. I will be deleting and looking for a replacement.
Used to have small, barely intrusive banner ads. I guess they got greedy, now ads take up half the screen, freeze/lock up the app, and all but cripple my tablet. Uninstalling.
Well after using the real TV Guide on my smart phone this needs a lot changes to make it easier to use. Lacking a lot, hopefully it will make changes in the future or Amazon can get the real TV app. But I won't hold my breath. I'm still waiting for them to carry some locale apps that both of the other big name apps download sites carry yet Amazon doesn't if they can't produce the apps for kindle like Google or ios site they need to get out of the app business. I love my Kindle except for this issue. As it is now you need to carry two devises to get the apps you need
Where do I find out how to use it other than see the listings? If I can see instructions and if it works I will give it a better rating.
I love how this app shows me the guide for cable since my new provider doesn't offer a channel guide.The only problem is the in app ads. They are huge and take up half of the screen. I tried to find a way to pay to eliminate the ads but there is no way.I am very disappointed. I think I'll look for another channel guide app.
The app is good,just not what I was wanting.The alerts I was getting were not my favorites.Maybe I did not set it up correctly. I would really like a calenderwith the favorite shows on the dates with the times.Still searching for something else.
I spent a lot of time entering my channels by filtering them only to have it do an update and lose all my preferences.  I'll be removing it from my Kindle HDX. Thanks anyway.
This app doesn't have my cable provider... &gt;8[  TV Guide app does.  I need more words before I can submit my review.  Geesh, I still need more...
It is to &#34;linear&#34; ... i.e. guide is not layed out in a grid format.  I prefer to use the online grid supplied by DISH Network. where I can see several hours and about 10 channels on the same screen grid.  I removed it from my Kindle Fire.
This is merely a chronological listing of tv programs. No way to program for favorites or notification or select out channels you don't view. It is really not very helpful in the modern world of hundreds of choices.